💡 Refactor Documentation from Readme to ReadTheDocs (#260)
cda-tum/mqt-bench: docs/DevelopmentGuide.rst

        (venv) $ pip install --upgrade pip, setuptools, wheel

6. (Optional) Install `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ to automatically run a set of checks before each commit.

    .. code-block:: console

        (venv) $ pipx install pre-commit
        (venv) $ pre-commit install

    If you use macOS, then pre-commit is in brew, use :code:`brew install pre-commit`.

Building the Python module
##########################

The recommended way of building the Python module is to perform an editable install using `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_.

    .. code-block:: console

        (venv) $ pip install --editable .

The :code:`--editable` flag ensures that changes in the Python code are instantly available without re-running the command.

Running Python Tests
--------------------

The Python part of the code base is tested by unit tests using the `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/>`_ framework.
The corresponding test files can be found in the :code:`tests/` directory.

    .. code-block:: console

        (venv) $ pytest

This installs all dependencies for running the tests in an isolated environment, builds the Python package, and then runs the tests.

> The :code:`-r` flag ensures that the environment is reused for subsequent runs.

Reviewer: This statement seems out of place given that you do not provide the `nox` sessions that these statements describe.
You'd have to be a little more elaborate in the description, e.g., people wanting to test their code are expected to install `mqt-bench` with the `[test]` extra, i.e., 
```bash
pip install -e ".[test]"
```

Author: Good catch, I adjusted it accordingly.

Python Code Formatting and Linting
----------------------------------

The Python code is formatted and linted using a collection of `pre-commit hooks <https://pre-commit.com/>`_.
This collection includes:

> - `black <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>`_ -- a code linter and formatter that automatically formats Python code according to the `PEP 8 style guide <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_
> - `isort <https://pycqa.github.io/isort/>`_ -- a tool that automatically sorts Python imports according to the `PEP 8 style guide <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ruff <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>`_ -- an extremely fast Python linter and formatter, written in Rust.
```

- `mypy <http://mypy-lang.org/>`_ -- a static type checker for Python code

> There are two ways of using these hooks:

Reviewer: I only see one way being described down below ;o)

Author: Fixed it.
